README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

Hi! I'm Ibraheem, a current computer science undergraduate student at Princeton University. I am interested in systems design, LLM utilization and interoperability strategies, and web infrastructure. If there is any opportunity in the intersection of these things, please do reach out!

Some other things that I am interested in:
➼ Representing code and design decisions as nodes in a graph and vector embeddings
➼ Building to reduce or use "dead" compute or "dead" memory for shared compute and serverless
➼ Ways to measure "similarity" between arbitrary and graph-like data sources

Feel free to email me at ibraheem@princeton.edu for academic inquiries or ibraheem.amin2@gmail.com for professional inquiry.


I'm currently working on [my website!](https://ibraheemamin.dev), [Yonder](https://tryyonder.com/), and [EVAL!](https://evalgaming.com)

**Languages**  
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)](https://go.dev/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)](https://www.java.com/)
[![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language))
[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![VBA](https://img.shields.io/badge/VBA-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/vba/library-reference/concepts/getting-started-with-vba-in-office)

**Frameworks & Tools**  
[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)](https://nextjs.org/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://react.dev/)
[![Convex](https://img.shields.io/badge/Convex-1E1E1E?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)](https://convex.dev/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![tRPC](https://img.shields.io/badge/tRPC-2596BE?style=for-the-badge&logo=trpc&logoColor=white)](https://trpc.io/)
[![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)](https://expressjs.com/)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)](https://pytorch.org/)
[![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)](https://pandas.pydata.org/)

Commit message:

Update project details and interests in README

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

Hi! I'm Ibraheem, a current computer science undergraduate student at Princeton University. I am interested in systems design, LLM utilization and interoperability strategies, and web infrastructure. If there is any opportunity in the intersection of these things, please do reach out!

Some other things that I am interested in:
➼ Representing code and design decisions as nodes in a graph and vector embeddings
➼ Building to reduce or use "dead" compute or "dead" memory for shared compute and serverless architectures

Feel free to email me at ibraheem@princeton.edu for academic inquiries or ibraheem.amin2@gmail.com for professional inquiry.


I'm currently working on [Project BlockWarriors](https://blockwarriors.ai), [Yonder](https://tryyonder.com/), and [EVAL!](https://evalgaming.com)
Learn more about me [here](https://ibraheemamin.dev) 

**Languages**  
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)](https://go.dev/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)](https://www.java.com/)
[![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language))
[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![VBA](https://img.shields.io/badge/VBA-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/vba/library-reference/concepts/getting-started-with-vba-in-office)

**Frameworks & Tools**  
[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)](https://nextjs.org/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://react.dev/)
[![Convex](https://img.shields.io/badge/Convex-1E1E1E?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)](https://convex.dev/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![tRPC](https://img.shields.io/badge/tRPC-2596BE?style=for-the-badge&logo=trpc&logoColor=white)](https://trpc.io/)
[![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)](https://expressjs.com/)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)](https://pytorch.org/)
[![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)](https://pandas.pydata.org/)
